aurvote: add page (#6394)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/aurvote.md

# aurvote

> > Vote for packages in the Arch User Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Submit votes for packages in the Arch User Repository.
```

Author: Why? I like my version.

Reviewer: Then keep it.

This suggestion isn't really that meaningful tbh, feel free to resolve.

> To be able to vote, the file `~/.config/aurvote` must exist and contain your AUR credentials.
> More information: <https://github.com/archlinuxfr/aurvote>.

- Interactively create the file `~/.config/aurvote` containing your AUR username and password:

`aurvote --configure`

- Vote for one or more AUR packages:

`aurvote {{package1 package2 ...}}`

- Unvote one or more AUR packages:

`aurvote --unvote {{package1 package2 ...}}`

> - Check if one or ore AUR packages have already been voted:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Check if one or more AUR packages have already been voted:
```

Haha.
